[Music] Hello how are you
good evening well with
it being so late okay why go to the movies
with my daughter to the movies in the afternoon I've
been working on TV at the CEO and
recording video for each main channel this
morning well I didn't record it yesterday I
recorded it yesterday but you know what that now
another powerful video is coming for the
main channel and they told me that it's
great they told me that he just
wrote to me river rising mother rising I don't
know if there's going to be time to talk to you I'm going to
talk about this first topic okay first
running quickly to see it thanks
big thank you very much and we react
here next to the video the main channel
while I go there and we like
look juanjo just sent me
thank you very much juanjo demand gestures
god
this is the top live shows for July okay
and it turns out that we are 123456 the 7th
juan hus and the 9th javi oliveira
the 9th
is that it's based on youtube I feel
safe that of course no no no no no it's not based
on youtube I mean I'm number 9 on
youtube tm hey hey
eye  watch out watch out the choca don't
come to youtube it's been live
we're thinking about it juanjo and I uh
well nothing seems to reach the j
redhead
and I wanted to know what happened then
there aren't many people who have sent things by
email that they have sent me screenshots you
know that you can always send me things
by email through instagram I prefer
that you send me the bands by email okay whether it's
for the main channel for Javier
Canijos for whoever look here is
ring bridge let's watch the video here
okay let's see live here together
while we upload them but I prefer that you
send me by email and if it's news
for the salsa TV the same by email
because that way I see the subject of what you
're sending me in case it's repeated not to
get involved whatever it is no total that you have
sent me a lot by email I leave it he
is redhead but look welcome to
things and whatever comes up we are right now
in your here is Pablo Iglesias who has already
reacted so I'm going to watch the video
Pablo Iglesias and whatever he has good
and the little one to be able to  screenshots not
altering what has happened in fact
we are commenting on videos and things that
have happened and we are going to talk about what has
happened jota redhead who apparently has been
called everything for having
criteria
when choosing a partner I love you
this is something that is sexist you
cannot choose as a man you as a man
you have to be open to everything no matter what happens you do not
have you cannot have
personal preferences
abel no no no that is horrible let's see jota
redhead you do not like women
you like darryl the walking dead
I give you many thanks for becoming a
member welcome because of course it is
not worth more thank you very much but they are going to
send everything at once and so put a little
message man so we can listen to you
also look at the feminists how
angry they have been let's see about this here for
lastly
or rather I imagine that there would be a story
first no or rather before this one I
imagine that there would be other stories
lastly I also have strange personal tastes
or so I think from what I talk to
other guys I do not like makeup
which already reduces my range a lot
since almost all the girls  make up
even if it's a little lip paint what
attracts me the least I prefer a thousand times more
imperfections in the skin than makeup
well let's see it's a personal taste let's see you
don't have to close let's see
that would not be closing the door a lot it's
simply
one thing that you have a
preference and another thing that you set it
straight hey I don't want to be with anyone
who wears makeup [ __ ] because I would be
closing from faces no Alexa
good night good
night I don't have a
crystal ball but I'm sure that tomorrow
you will enjoy a wonderful day
rest Alexa you have a redhead
J redhead is a musical artist
known for his songs clowns
never cry irreverent and behind the
mask
an artist
an artist let's see I also don't see it right that you
tell your partner not to wear makeup or I'll
let you for example
your partner can do whatever they want
or it has been said many times having
a partner does not make you the owner of
someone not like you have to set
rules or something but a partner is a
person that you choose as a partner
to share your life with okay but well
yes I could tell him  Hey, well, I
like you better if you don't wear makeup and she can do
whatever she wants. No, I'm
not crazy about heels. I'm a
thousand times more attracted to short girls, those
over 60 are already starting to be
tall for my taste. I prefer girls
with sneakers. Well, it's a preference,
obviously, you're not going to go to a wedding with
sneakers or to a night out
where you both look nice and dressed.
Man, I don't know, you don't need to wear
heels either, but well, let's see,
they're personal preferences. We can't
criticize either. It's just that she doesn't
like heels. Well, listen to me, let them like
what they want. I don't
like long nails. I like
girls who climb,
box, and aren't worried about their
manicure. Well, well, he's a
very simple man,
let's say, not
put. J redhead, I came to tell you
I love you and today is my birthday, much
happiness from pearl emerald, I send you a
huge hug and have a great day. Or
in his Instagram stories. I'll also
tell you one thing. I went into
jp's Instagram stories in red
to see that there was something
else said about the controversy.  because it's a trending
topic of the thing it hadn't been
today you are a trending topic for this reason so you can
see who who are the ones who are the
most on twitter okay
because the things he posts are true but
why does this man happen to him I mean nothing
much happens here one story has him
speaking Chinese and another of this
this truth in how this man is going to cancel the
days but well
let's see
then what have I done jota bile red in his
being although atrocity in fact
finally I also have personal tastes to
the precarious one that meditated was previous no I mean
surely when he is saying
finally it is because previously I would have
put something rarer you are rare
but not much not in quotes or so I
think because I talk about it with other guys
well I don't like makeup which
already reduces there was a fan since
almost all the girls wear makeup
even if it's a little bit painted lips what
attracts me the least I prefer a thousand times
more imperfections in the skin than
makeup is worth it every time a
personal taste you are a crack I love you
although I still don't like the music of the
spicy radish and besides if not  he
likes us to wear makeup well you're
screwed peace cat
Margarita my heart thank you so much for
your message Margarita what do you think about him
not liking the heels he
sends me oh de vila
this would be complete if it can't
be a guy if it can't be if it's that
I have a team that I don't deserve
look Adri the truth is in the end my
team comes and gives me the complete information
okay I don't know I don't know I do
n't pay them enough well in fact you
generate payments in fact have payments
Margarita what do you think of this boy do you
find him attractive
youtuber Pablo Iglesia do you find him
attractive and do you think it's okay that they don't
like makeup this
duck
let's see the full story of
Mandalay Bay would it be what would someone
ask him to see what the
right person for you would be like says the one who asks
so complicated physically
intellectually emotionally there are so
many traits in people what is
clear to me is that I would do much better
if I like to do the boys almost every
day I receive some hint although
many more direct and more from some of
you
well look redheaded jota is a
youtuber that guys really like
this question was also asked by a
guy and mind you I'm not saying this question
is an indirect question but in any case
unfortunately for me and my
chances I'm afraid that yes until I'm
35 no guy has caught my attention
complicated I see it since he doesn't
understand why he's entering to debate
this I don't feel flattered however
although not always some of you are a little
rude what does
this man get
because he put this it's going to hit us home he has already
spoken on the subject I don't
like to cook or iron look rip has already
sent me the video margarita has
sent me an audio do you prefer the video
of rio or the audio of margarita ramiro
thank you very much rey welcome
thank you very much let's see what we watch
first the video of rio or the audio of
margarita
why
quick + 1 margarita + 2 the video of rio
quick quick the first thing that comes
to mind
who thinks it's going to be more fun a
video of javi oliveira or an audio of
margarita margarita my god you're going to
leave me fatal
I'm going to download the video
while we listen to the audio margarita
of margarita what  think
bera bera
all hearts what I
think is that everyone puts on
makeup what they want in the
photo
there are those who put on makeup reading and not
only women wear makeup
I put on makeup no matter the
main ones in the videos
and that's it
everyone does what they want
and if they don't have a lot you have to cancel
if they want to put on makeup you put on makeup and
if they don't want to put on makeup you don't
but nobody can tell you if you have to take
care of yourself or you don't have to put on
makeup that they like more or they like
less because don't look at
sucking margarita please margarita
please let's see the question here the
question is not that the boy is
following anyone that he puts on makeup he doesn't put on
makeup the question is that they are his
tastes okay or rather before his taste it
is respectable another thing is that he is a
daughter or that he gets involved with someone because he
put on makeup he doesn't put on makeup but that he
has a preference broke down badly I don't see it I'm
going to upload
the video he's not going to send and now we'll see it
okay
what capture I had left to see I had
left to see this one I didn't say I don't have to not have
done  I
don't like to cook or iron and I don't
expect anyone to do it for my eye
but I'm happy eating pre-cooked foods and
wearing wrinkled clothes how ugly how ugly that how
ugly for god's sake you have to iron and do
n't come to me with that health thing because even though I
eat pre-cooked foods I eat better than
90% of the people I know and I eat
more fruit and vegetables than most I don't have
a stable job my income
varies a lot each month and if I get something
stable it will only be temporary so I can continue
doing what I like to bartend which
is what you like to do jota redhead sing sing I
hope not no catherine
thank you so much catering I send you a
huge hug many great events
alert friendship
tito basilio or how good how good
name thanks man thanks for
subscribing I'm not a huge fan of
heels I'm a thousand times more attracted to
short girls over five foot
six over five foot sixty they
're starting to be tall for my taste well
if they like short girls you
're turning me on I don't see the point either I like
tall girls of por
too and I like chardonnay  makes
a very pretty garment whatever they wear
almond heels I love the nta
makeup the fabrics that you
kiss them and you take half or they are dirty
in bed it
doesn't seem like the best thing in the
world to me let's see if date puts makeup on the Chinese
maybe he surrounds you with the bed or
takes it to you with his mouth margarita would approve of the
socas note that you have it there both
in devil mode and sentimental too today we're going to
talk about whatever you want dude lollipop lollipop lollipop
today
we'll find out if margarita likes
choca because today we're going to see a click
of choca everything and I like girls
taller than me but heels well it's
like a lie it's not a package you put that on she does
n't use her legs much to me what to
do with that yes it's uncomfortable
okay I prefer sporty girls with
sneakers I don't like long nails
I like girls who climb box
and who are worried about their manicure
in fact I wear long ones and I
train then I go to the gym and it kind of
leads to dreaming
this hand what the hell is that hand
adri you are you are you right now to
get to  choose a lot and let's pass
elective those nails but if she has the
nails all four she has it ate and they have
long the one on the little finger
what face are you not going to make at you like that and the
nails of the others long and I do train
in the gym and heels dresses
expensive bags simply
Howard the flex as a gift it is clear that you
give us with the rule and that it is all
sticky with blood of course we have gone
a little well
here it is relation to the dragon
well guys sincerely it seems like
complete [ __ ] to me which is why they
wanted to cancel AJ redhead so well the
truth is that I do not see a
reason to cancel it sincerely I
agree no
[Music]